[THEME MUSIC]
>> REGINA MEREDITH: Radleigh
Valentine has been through
quite a life journey to become
an author on the subject
of divination.
From tarot to runes
to pendulums and more,
he's created a reference
for all things that
are used for divining our deeper
truths in his book "Compendium
of Magical Things."
Welcome, Radleigh.
>> RADLEIGH VALENTINE: Hi.
>> REGINA: It's good to see you.
>> VALENTINE: It's
wonderful to see you.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
The subject of trying to discern
truth in an age of delusion.
I mean, I don't think there's
any other word for it.
>> VALENTINE: No.
Truth.
>> REGINA: You can be
polite and say, well,
it's just preference
and so forth,
but I think it really like
slipped over the edge into flat
out delusion.
And the problem
is a lot of people
even when they're divining
delude themselves to, right?
You know, and we're going
to talk about the right way
to divine and all the different
means with which to do it.
But first we want to get to
know you a little bit better,
because you come from
a background, really
the southern Bible Belt.
>> VALENTINE: I do.
>> REGINA: And as you
admit in your book,
you had some fears to overcome.
So tell us a little bit
about your background
and your own personal journey.
>> VALENTINE: Oh, sure.
So I was raised in the South.
And if I talked the
way I was raised,
it would sound a lot like this.
>> REGINA: Yes.
Only little teensy
hints left of it.
>> VALENTINE: Only
teensy hints left.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> VALENTINE: That's correct.
I was raised in Tennessee.
And it was a difficult time.
It was a difficult
time particularly
for a little kid who was
already showing signs
of having psychic abilities.
From the time I was five, I was
starting to show little things.
I also was born gay,
which was not fun
in the South in the '70s.
And I was not the kid, my
dad had in mind at all.
So that was not a
joyful relationship.
But I had an amazing mom.
>> REGINA: Mom.
Yeah.
>> VALENTINE: I had an
amazing mom, and grandmother,
and aunts.
So I was raised by these
incredibly amazing, powerful
women.
And so that was a blessing.
And you know what, Regina, it
was all a blessing, all of it.
Every last thing
that happened when
I was a kid that was a
challenge, that was a struggle,
it all made me the person--
>> REGINA: Tell us--
Yeah.
>> VALENTINE: --who I was.
>> REGINA: Tell us a blessing
in that kind of challenge where
you're being pretty severely
judged by your father.
>> VALENTINE: Yes.
>> REGINA: Perhaps rejected.
>> VALENTINE: Abused.
>> REGINA: And abused.
Yeah.
And tell us-- before
we even get going,
let's talk about the blessing
in that, where it lies
and what it did to you in terms
of your own building yourself.
>> VALENTINE: In that
harsh environment,
it just sort of forces you to
come to a reconciliation with
yourself about who you are.
And it also really built in
me this strength to not let
what other people think
of me be what defines me.
But that was a
process, because going
through elementary school, and
middle school, and high school,
it's like I had no friends.
Zero.
I remember being in my backyard
and just praying to God
can't I please, please,
please just have one friend.
And my dad was--
I've forgiven him everything,
but he was very abusive
physically and emotionally.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> VALENTINE: You know,
when I got to this point,
a pivotal point for me was when
I got to my early 20s and it
was time to deal
with daddy issues.
And as a person who's
part Native American,
I sought out a Native
American counselor
to help me work through
the daddy stuff.
And she looked at me one
day and said, you know,
your dad must have loved
you an incredible amount
in order to come to Earth and
inhabit that part in your life
and be such a bad person
so that you could turn out
to be such a wonderful person.
And to me, that was
instant healing.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> VALENTINE: But it also
sort of set the stage for me,
because I had this mother who
was like you will not judge
others.
You will not-- I
will not have it--
while I was being
so severely judged.
And so what I sort of came to
know is that, in that learning,
I learned that the more I am
myself, the more that I am just
brazenly out there as
a metaphysical person,
a spiritual person, someone who
talks to angels, someone who
plays with tarot,
someone who is also
gay and married to a
beautiful husband, and wears
sequins most of the time on
state and things like that,
the more I became myself
the more the world opened up
for me.
>> REGINA: That makes sense.
And you know,
Radleigh, most people
don't have that rough a path.
And most people don't
stand out as much
in their own world, the
world they're born into.
And as a result of
this attempt to fit in
so that you can have
friends, et cetera,
we do tend to compromise away
significant parts of ourself.
And so I can see what
you're saying here.
This gift is what
do you have to lose.
>> VALENTINE: Nothing.
>> REGINA: I don't
have friends anyway.
I'm going to be who I am.
And I think of David
Ike and his journey
too where he came out after
this mystical experience
after being a broadcaster.
Right.
Went on to TV and the
famous show in England,
the "Terry Wogan" show.
And they cut it to say I am God,
which was essentially saying,
we're all gods.
And then from that
point forward, he
said he walked to the
sound of distant laughter,
so there was nothing more to
lose to start just going for it
and being authentic.
And it's very similar
to what you're
saying, walking to
the sound of laughter,
of ridicule, and so forth.
And actually, I do
see the gift in that.
If we all had to walk
to the sound of laughter
and reconcile who we are
and stand up for who we are,
I think it would be a
more interesting planet.
>> VALENTINE: I think so too.
And I love what you
said, because not just
walking through laughter.
But for me, laughter
became everything.
I teach through laughter.
Poignancy through laughter.
And so, you know,
it's like, OK, fine.
Laugh at me if you want.
I'm laughing too.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
And it loosens everybody up.
>> VALENTINE: Yes.
>> REGINA: It breaks
down all the defenses.
But I'm very appreciative that
you shared that story with us,
because I think we each
need to embrace that
and think about this notion
of being more authentic.
You always say be authentic,
but nothing forces you
into authenticity.
And it's hard to
create when you still
want to have your friends and
your family to support you
and relating to you.
>> VALENTINE: Right.
>> REGINA: How many of us
would still relate if we were
our true selves?
>> VALENTINE: I don't know.
>> REGINA: Just a thought.
I'm just tossing it out there.
OK.
So let's talk about--
you brought it up.
From the age of five,
you began having
certain psychic experiences.
And let's talk
about what happened.
It was Joshua, right?
>> VALENTINE: Yeah.
Joshua is--
>> REGINA: Yeah.
Let's go through what started
happening when you were little.
>> VALENTINE: Yeah.
So Joshua is my
primary guardian angel.
And the thing about angels
is that not all angels
are white and fluffy with big
wings and stuff like that.
Angels present themselves
to us in the way
in which we need them to.
And so I'm this little kid.
I have accidentally outed
myself at the age of five
by writing a love
note to Mark Hawkins.
>> REGINA: OK.
To another boy.
How did he received that?
>> VALENTINE: You know,
initially he was really super
cool about it, because he'd
basically just brought it back
to me and said you're supposed
to write these to girls.
And I was like, why?
>> REGINA: But I like you.
>> VALENTINE: But then
he told everybody.
>> REGINA: Oh yeah.
There you go.
>> VALENTINE: And so
because kids are kids.
And that's just,
you know, no other--
and I wouldn't have wanted any
other result. But nevertheless.
So as a kid, I knew
that there were angels
because my mom talked
about it all the time.
And I just started to
notice that Josh was around.
And so Josh presented
himself in the way
I needed him to present himself.
>> REGINA: Black
leather jacket or--
>> VALENTINE: No.
Like a 19-year-old brother.
>> REGINA: OK.
Coo.
>> VALENTINE: To my 5, 6, 7,
8, 9, 10-year-old younger self,
the kid that was-- the
older brother who was going
to protect me, noogie me, and,
to an extent, make fun of me,
because laughter was
currency in our family.
If we were not making fun
of you, we didn't like you.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> VALENTINE: So in a
jokingly loving way.
And so I had this guardian
angel who was loving
and the big brother
kind of thing
but then would make
fun of me and tease me.
And so I had this whole
relationship with him
that anyone else who had an
older brother like that would
probably think was horrible.
Right.
But for me it's what I needed.
And so I first
encountered Joshua
when I was five, like I said.
And I looked out
my bedroom window
to see the neighbor's
house on fire.
And I saw the man who
owned the house come
running out of the house.
And he was on fire.
And so this was quite traumatic.
But Joshua roused me.
He's the one who woke me
and said, go to the window.
Go to the window.
The thing that was really wacky
about it is that later on once
I was willing to
go back upstairs,
my mother pointed out to me you
cannot see that house from this
window.
>> REGINA: Hmm.
>> VALENTINE: And that's when
she sat me down and said, OK,
we have something fun going on.
>> REGINA: And your mom
was very embracing of this.
>> VALENTINE: My mom was
always embracing of everything.
>> REGINA: Well, let's talk
about the South because you
have a real dichotomy there.
There's a lot of belief
in, what do you call it,
like superstitions
and things like that
woven into the culture which
have metaphysical properties.
Superstitions too.
At the same time, you
have a lot of really
fundamentalist
religion going on.
>> VALENTINE: Yeah.
For which I was not invited.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> VALENTINE: So you know.
>> REGINA: So it's kind of--
so your mom fell somewhere
in between or she was--
>> VALENTINE: You
know, it was funny.
It's like all of these
women, if you asked them
what they believed, it
would be Christianity.
If you asked them how
the universe worked,
you got mysticism.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
Yeah.
I find it really an
interesting dichotomy.
But it shouldn't be.
>> VALENTINE: Well, I think
that was partially the Cherokee
thing.
Yeah.
You know, it's a very
mystical belief system.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> VALENTINE: And so I
think that was going on.
But you know, we
pick our parents.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> VALENTINE: And I needed that.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
OK.
So now you're a kid.
Your mom says we have something
fun and special going on.
How did you begin developing it
and playing with it initially?
>> VALENTINE: You know,
I just paid attention.
I knew who was on the phone.
I knew if someone was lying.
I'd go, "Mom."
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> VALENTINE: You know.
And I paid attention to it.
It did go into remission
or a quietness for me
as I went through school.
>> REGINA: Which
is kind of normal.
>> VALENTINE: It is.
It is.
Because I was in school
and my main thing
was if I tuned in to anybody, it
was there's Radleigh the Sissy
and they hate me.
And so I really did not
want to be tuning into that.
Teachers loved me
but the kids did not.
And so it really wasn't
until I was in my early 20s
when I started to,
because people that I knew
were being kicked out of their
churches for their gayness.
And it was like, OK.
This is never going
to work for me.
I'm never going to
be accepted here,
because I did not know I was
ever going to leave Tennessee
at that moment.
And so that's when I
started reaching out.
And there was
nowhere to reach out.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
Yeah.
>> VALENTINE: But
there was the internet.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> VALENTINE: And so I
started finding teachers
on the internet.
And so that's when I really
started to redevelop it.
It really started to reawaken.
>>REGINA: Did you
have certain tools
you started playing with first?
>>VALENTINE: Oh, it was angels.
I mean, I went
straight to angels.
And the thing that was super
cool was that I had my very
first teacher was this
woman who taught angels ,
whose name was Carla Flack.
And she loved tarot.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>VALENTINE: Which most people
think of angels and tarot
as being strange bedfellows.
At least, they did back then.
>>REGINA: Yeah, back then.
>>VALENTINE: And once Carla
started teaching me tarot,
and I became fascinated,
because I was good at it.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>VALENTINE: You know, I was
like, wow, this is super cool.
But it was also,
back then, it was
like Rider-Waite
or nothing, which
is the guy with 10 swords in his
bag, laying in a pool of blood
just to say this
situation's over.
Little harsh.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
We're going to get into
tarot in just a little bit.
I have a couple other
questions for you,
because you decided
in doing tarot,
it was time to eliminate some of
the really darker cards, right?
>>VALENTINE: Well,
not eliminate, to--
>>REGINA: Transform?
>>VALENTINE: Yeah.
To realign them with
their true meaning.
There was a death card
that didn't mean death.
So why is it called death?
There was a devil
card that there
is no guy in a red suit
going to chase you around.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>VALENTINE: So it was
basically just looking
at these things and the harshest
of imageries and saying,
this is pointless.
>>REGINA: I agree with you.
Because one of the
things that turned me off
to tarot very early on
were those exact cards.
>>VALENTINE: Yeah.
>>REGINA: It's like, oh my god,
I hope I don't get the devil
or death card, you know?
And people are
afraid, obviously,
afraid by the imagery alone.
>>VALENTINE: Right.
And as a reader, I
would find myself going,
OK, here's the death card.
All it really means is
a significant ending
in your life.
And I'm like trying to hide it.
>>REGINA: Right, so the
people can't see it.
>>VALENTINE: So that the
person across from me
is not hyperventilating.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>VALENTINE: You know?
>>REGINA: Death card.
Who's dying?
>>VALENTINE: And is
falling out of their chair.
It's like, nobody's dying.
Nobody is dying.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
OK, so now, you had a
little detour in your life
because you kind of
went left-brained.
I mean, right?
>>VALENTINE: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Certified
public accountant.
>>VALENTINE: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Right.
I just threw that in there.
And everyone's like, what?
>>VALENTINE: I know.
>>REGINA: After
everything you've
just said, how did you become
a certified public accountant?
>>VALENTINE: You know, do
you want the real reason?
>>REGINA: I want
the real reason.
I want the story.
>>VALENTINE: All right,
here's the real reason.
All right, here's the story.
So I went to school to
major in music and dance.
>>REGINA: Right,
which naturally leads
you to become an accountant.
>>VALENTINE: An accountant,
of course, it does.
It's the gateway.
Right?
It's the gateway to CPA.
But actually, I had all
these friends coming back
from New York in tattered
tights, and they're starving.
And I'm like, this isn't feeling
like a good career move to me.
Maybe I won't do this.
And this is so gay of
me, but there was my--
>>REGINA: That's OK.
You're gay.
>>VALENTINE: I know.
The resident assistant
in my dorm was so hot.
I just was like dreamy
swooning over him.
Guess what he was studying?
>>REGINA: Yeah.
OK, there you go.
>>VALENTINE: Accounting,
so I took accounting.
And I got through the first
class, accounting 101.
I went into the finals
with 103 average.
And I was like, oh,
I'm good at this.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>VALENTINE: And so, by the
time I got to my junior year
and came to my
senses, I realized, I
can't change majors.
I don't have the money.
But it served me.
Ironically, my first job was
with a publishing company.
>>REGINA: Perfect.
>>VALENTINE: Perfect.
And it just it served me.
I learned so much.
And so many people who are in
the metaphysical, spiritual
world as teachers or authors
are so ungrounded on this topic.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>VALENTINE:
Completely ungrounded.
They are lost in space when it
comes to managing their money
and stuff like that.
And so, I consider
it a blessing that I
have both of these things.
>>REGINA: Right.
Well, what about because,
as you say, turns out
you were good at it.
>>VALENTINE: Yeah.
>>REGINA: So what about
numbers themselves,
the kind of truthfulness
behind numbers?
Did you find that there was
a kind of beauty in numbers?
>>VALENTINE: I
liked the puzzles.
To me, it was a puzzle, because
it all has to balance in this,
I'm not this much of a nerd, OK?
Well, actually, I kind of am.
But it's like there
is a magic to the fact
that it all has to balance.
It all has to come together
or you did it wrong.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>VALENTINE: And I liked that.
I really did like that.
But where I excelled, to be
honest, was in managing people.
I was an amazing
manager of people.
And so, as I went
through my career,
it became less debits and
credits and less putting teams
together.
And I was using Radleigh's
little special gift
to hire people.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>VALENTINE: Because I
would know it's like,
you're a good one.
I'll take you.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>VALENTINE: And plus, I
had the whole understanding
of diversity.
And so, I would hire like a
series of accounting managers
that needed each other.
This dude was the SEC dude.
But this girl knows
nothing about SEC.
But she can wrap you around
her finger like that.
And he can't.
And I literally had people from
the marketing department come
to me and say, will
you hire my staff?
And I'm like, I don't know
anything about marketing.
And they're like, we don't care.
When I left accounting, I had
150 people working for me.
>>REGINA: Wow.
>>VALENTINE: Yeah.
And I had the happiest
team of any department.
And they were productive.
And they loved each other.
But I was using that sixth sense
to put these teams together.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
No.
Absolutely.
I can see that.
I mean, that's what
every corporation needs
is someone who can do that.
>>VALENTINE: Well, and
that's why I was popular.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>VALENTINE: Suddenly, I went
from my childhood being the way
it was to being here I am.
Like everybody wants to hire me.
>>REGINA: Right.
You know, this whole
thing about how
to order a corporation
in the right way,
because so many of
them are done poorly.
There was a man I interviewed
years ago named Rob Williams,
and he served as,
what he called,
the CSO or chief
shamanic officer.
>>VALENTINE: Oh, yay.
Good title.
>>REGINA: And was
talking about how
this was so necessary
in the world of business
to have people like
you, people who
can see underneath
things, behind things,
and see the deeper truth, and
have a position for someone who
can do that on staff.
So I can see why you
were just pure gold.
>>VALENTINE: Well,
and I was fun.
You know?
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>VALENTINE: It's like
accountants can be dry or fun.
>>REGINA: They can be fun.
OK, well, let's talk about
numerology, numbers, numbers,
numbers.
I thought might you have
had a unique relationship
to numerology because
of your life in numbers.
>>VALENTINE: Not necessarily.
It's kind of like even
though I was an accountant,
I didn't do my own taxes.
>>REGINA: Yeah, OK, gotcha.
>>VALENTINE: And so, if I was
going to go after spirituality,
if I was going to go after
the right side of my brain,
I didn't want to like--
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>VALENTINE: So I
studied numerology.
I learned about it.
>>REGINA: But there was no kind
of natural crossover affinity.
>>VALENTINE: It wasn't.
No.
>>REGINA: Well, OK, so let's
go back to tarot for a minute.
So you're fascinated with tarot.
>>VALENTINE: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Now you've
decided to perfect
or refine the scary cards.
>>VALENTINE: Yeah.
>>REGINA: OK, and let's
go further into it.
>>VALENTINE: Well, I mean,
really what it was was
I wanted the deck that
I had always wanted.
That's really what
it boiled down to.
Because it took me, I mean, I
have like 70 something decks
at home in a box, mostly
because I would buy the deck
and go, eh, and
there it would go.
And so, I really, really
wanted people not to be afraid.
I consider my twin life purposes
to be to take the fear out
of spirituality and show people
how to have a magical life.
That's what I really get off on.
I love that.
And I didn't want
to water down ,
tarot because then
it's not very useful.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>VALENTINE: Because
tarot represents life.
Sorrow happens in life.
You can't take it out.
But it doesn't
have to be a heart
with three swords with blood
dripping out the bottom.
>>REGINA: Right, exactly.
>>VALENTINE: You know?
It doesn't have to be that.
That's a hold back
to 600 years ago when
tarot started getting created.
And it was a tough time.
It was rough in life, and
people were illiterate.
And so, they needed something
really graphic to explain it.
>>REGINA: Visceral, yeah.
>>VALENTINE: And what my
perception was that, well,
we've had 600 years
to evolve, because I
believe in reincarnation.
What I'm looking
around and seeing
is a whole bunch
of people who've
gone through enough lifetimes
to be incredibly sensitive,
incredibly sensitive.
And they may have this
sense of remembering tarot
from a past life when
they could tolerate it.
But now, they're looking at
it and going, not so much.
And we have television.
When was the last time
you saw a show or a movie
where the card that
flipped down wasn't death?
Really, it's just the only
card they have, right?
They've got it in a
stockroom somewhere.
>>REGINA: Yeah, right.
>>VALENTINE: It's the
only one they have.
>>REGINA: It's the
only death card.
>>VALENTINE: That's right.
And so, I wanted to, first
of all, take the fear out.
OK?
So go through, and
it's like, fine,
we don't need the heart with
the blood running through it.
What about an arc angel holding
a woman in a gentle embrace
while she cries on his shoulder?
OK?
Same message, sorrow,
sadness, but also
adding the message of angels
are with you, and they love you,
and that will help
you get through it.
>>REGINA: I love it.
>>VALENTINE: When I was
learning tarot in my 20s,
I finally found a deck I could
tolerate, so I bought two.
And I took a black
Sharpie and I wrote
on every card what they
mean, because there's
no words on tarot.
It was done that way
to scare you out of it,
to make you think,
you can't do this.
It's too hard, to memorize
all these multiple meanings.
And so, when I
created my first deck,
I was like, I did
that for myself.
I'm going to do it for them.
Let's put words, phrases
at the bottom of the card.
Let's let them open the
box and immediately be
able to use these.
>>REGINA: No, it
makes so much sense.
>>VALENTINE: Right?
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>VALENTINE: Right.
Make it easy.
>>REGINA: Because usually,
you have a little book
that goes along with it.
Then you have to
go over, and you
have to look up the
number in the book.
Yeah, it makes logical sense
to have the information
right in front of you.
>>VALENTINE: And
there is a booklet,
and it's good to read it.
But I wanted people to be able
to pull them out, use them
right then, and not be afraid.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
OK.
So we're going to get into
the notion of interpretation
when you're reading cards.
Some people have
intuitive ability.
Some don't.
And they're just
left with the words,
and they're left with the image.
Well, let's talk about
that for a moment.
>>VALENTINE: I believe that
anybody can play the piano.
Maybe not everybody
is a concert pianist.
But anybody can play the piano.
>>REGINA: True.
>>VALENTINE: I
believe that we all
have a touch of the
divine within us,
because that's who we are.
We have a bit of the magic
of the divine inside us.
So I believe that
everybody has divine gifts.
It's do you want
to use them or not?
Are you afraid of them?
Are you going to practice?
Because it is practice,
practice, practice.
So anybody can do
this if they want it.
But you were talking about the
whole intuitive part, the thing
about tarot when I
teach it to my students
is that, OK, there's a picture.
There are words.
And there are meanings
behind all of this.
There's tons of symbolism.
You can go down that rabbit
hole if you want about all
of that symbolism.
I certainly do.
Or you can not.
It's your call.
But you have to trust.
You have to have faith.
You have to look at
the cards and go,
where are my eyes drawn?
And I teach my
students, it's like,
are your eyes drawn
to a particular phrase
at the bottom of the card?
Are your eyes drawn
to the picture?
Are you thinking about
the meaning of the card?
Where intuitively are you?
I had a student
just this past week,
lovely, lovely young
woman and really gifted
but in her head a
little too much.
And she pulled the dreamer card.
And her question was, is my
cat, who just passed over,
still with me following
me as a guide?
And she looked at the card and
it says, take a leap of faith.
You know, go after what you
want, blah, blah, blah, blah.
And she raises her hand, and
I'm like, what is it dear?
And she's like, well, this
just doesn't make sense
to my question.
And I said, what's the question?
And she told me,
is my cat with me?
She just passed over.
And I said look at the picture.
And the picture was a
young man with his dog.
And she started to cry.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>VALENTINE: You know?
It's just a matter of
getting out of your head.
>>REGINA: Yes.
No.
That's a good explanation.
OK, tarot cards, so that's why
you did what you did with it.
That was your journey with them.
>>VALENTINE: Yeah.
>>REGINA: You still do them.
Do you have new
decks coming out?
>>VALENTINE: I do.
>>REGINA: You do?
When's the new deck coming out?
>>VALENTINE: Oh my
gosh, I'm so excited.
>>REGINA: I want to see it.
>>VALENTINE: My newest
deck will be coming out
in October of 2020.
And it's called Angel
Guidance Tarot Cards.
And I am over the moon about it.
I have got the artist
of the century.
His name is Dan Craig,
not the 007 guy, sadly.
But I mean, this
man is so amazing.
His art is beautiful.
He's got a dry sense of humor.
He will make suggestions,
and they're always great.
But he doesn't fight me.
And he knows nothing about
tarot, which is what I go for.
I want that.
>>REGINA: You want
interpretation.
>>VALENTINE: I don't want
people coming and going,
but where's the bloody heart?
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>VALENTINE: It's not here.
You know?
And it does some things that
I've never seen done in tarot,
so I'm excited about that.
Because after 600 years, if
you can do something new, then
good on you.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>VALENTINE: And i editorial
right now, which leads to art,
I am working on ascended
master tarot cards.
So that's going to come
out in October of 2021.
So I'm doing that.
>>REGINA: Good.
Well, excellent.
>>VALENTINE: Yes.
>>REGINA: OK, so do you
feel good with tarot
before we move on to runes
and some other things?
>>VALENTINE: Sure.
>>REGINA: Because it is a
compendium of magical things.
>>VALENTINE: It is.
>>REGINA: Let's
talk about runes.
>>VALENTINE: Well, it's ancient.
It's way older than tarot.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>VALENTINE: I
mean, tarot is kind
of like the baby
of the compendium.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
No.
Runes, they feel Stone Age.
>>VALENTINE: They
do, because they are.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>VALENTINE: They are.
And in ancient times,
people would carve these
into their homes and
into their wagons
or sew them into
their clothes to bring
the kind of good fortune
or the kind of protection
that they were looking for.
Compendium of magical
things is really a follow
on to my work with tarot.
It's to take all these different
languages of the divine, which
is what I call them, and
in a sort of a buffet style
take the fear out of it and
make them easy to understand.
>>REGINA: So now how have
you done this with runes?
>>VALENTINE: So
one of the things
that I did was I did not go
too overly deep into Odin
and his gruesome way of
having come to the runes.
>>REGINA: This was darker times.
>>VALENTINE: Darker,
times hanging upside down,
bleeding out.
Fun, yeah, no.
So kind of like, eh, let's
not bring that up too much.
OK, Odin had a lot to do with
this, as an ancient Norse god,
so cool.
Writing Compendium was an
amazing experience for me,
because I started
to research runes.
And I started to play with them.
And they were blowing me away.
I mean, it's like I
would pull out a rune
and and then go read the message
for that rune and be like,
this is so spot on.
I can't believe it.
And the runes are stubborn.
>>REGINA: What do
you mean by stubborn?
>>VALENTINE: Well, so like
you'd throw it back in the bag.
And the next day you come and
you pull one and it's the same.
>>REGINA: Same one?
Right.
>>VALENTINE: The runes,
they will task you.
They want you to take the
advice, do something with it.
And so, my experience with
them was either take the advice
and do something with
it, or they're just
going to hit you over and
over with the same message,
or they're going to
start goofing with you
and give you messages that
make no sense whatsoever.
It's just gibberish.
>>REGINA: If you ignore them,
then they'll play with you.
OK.
>>VALENTINE: They'll ignore you.
It's like, you're not
taking me seriously.
But they're magical.
I love the way they feel.
In ancient times, people would
carve their own out of wood
or bone and paint their own.
But these days, they're cut into
crystals and all these kinds
of beautiful things.
I mean, they fit in
your purse, right?
You can take them
wherever you want to go.
You can very discreetly
reach into your purse
and pull a rune.
>>REGINA: Pull a rune in
the middle of a business
meeting, a board meeting.
>>VALENTINE: Home Depot.
You know?
So they're very transportable.
And I love all that.
But they're deep.
I mean, this is not--
>>REGINA: Are they I more of
a taskmaster, you're saying?
>>VALENTINE: They are a
taskmaster, but it's also deep.
>>REGINA: So let's talk
about the depth or nature
of those messages, say, as
opposed to tarot, for example.
>>VALENTINE: Sure.
Well, both of those
things have a tendency
to tap into the subconscious.
It just feels like with tarot
do a Celtic cross with 10 cards,
and you're going to mimic the
depth of any other language
of the divine.
But from a standpoint of here's
one card of tarot and one rune,
the depth of the
message from the rune
is going to be more significant
than the depth of the one card.
>>REGINA: So just
by way of example,
tell us what that
might look like.
>>VALENTINE: Well, the rune
that I kept pulling was Perth.
And Perth is a
card that literally
talks about the need
for you to go deeper,
for you to go within and find
out exactly what is happening
within you and to understand
how that is fitting into what
you're doing at the moment now
that made a lot of sense to me.
I was writing "Compendium
of Magical Things."
And so, it was literally about,
Radleigh, come on step it up.
Step up your game.
Where are you going?
And what are you
going to do with this?
>>REGINA: So with that, as
I was talking about earlier,
oftentimes, people
think, well, I
need to have some kind
of bead on this game
so I know how to interpret
what I'm seeing and all.
Do runes require interpretation?
Or are they very much
more direct messages?
>>VALENTINE: I think every
language of the divine
is interpretation.
I just do.
And I think that,
initially, I think
it's initially fine
to just go directly
to the specific message,
because you're learning.
And the thing,
Regina, is that we
have a tendency to want
to say, that's the magic.
The magic is the runes.
The magic is the cards.
The magic is the I
Ching or the pendulum.
We are the magic.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>VALENTINE: And I let my
students go there for a while,
because it gives
them confidence.
And if I push it back
on them too fast,
then they're going to go to
a lack of self-confidence.
>>REGINA: Right.
And that's important.
>>VALENTINE: And
not be empowered.
So I let them go there.
But as we go through this,
I bring it back to them.
Like this class
I just taught was
the last thing I
made them do was
they had to do a reading
with no cards, no pendulums.
>>REGINA: Good for you.
>>VALENTINE: No nothing.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>VALENTINE: It was just them.
>>REGINA: You are
the tuning device.
>>VALENTINE: And that was
the last thing we did.
And they blew it
out of the water.
So that they could see
it's the divine within you.
>>REGINA: That's wonderful.
I think that's a wonderful
way to cap that really.
Because in the
end, it is all us.
>>VALENTINE: It is.
We are the magic.
>>REGINA: Right.
Sometimes if we need a
little external reflection,
these are wonderful tools.
>>VALENTINE: Excellent.
>>REGINA: So this is one
that's little-known--
not so well-known in
the United States.
Then Lenormand.
>>VALENTINE: The Lenormand.
>>REGINA: Lenormand.
And I was going to do an
interview a couple of years
ago on it in England and it
fell apart for some reason.
So please-- so I
didn't delve into it.
So what is Lenormand?
>>VALENTINE: It's 36 cards.
There are people who
adore the Lenormand,
and angels bless them.
It didn't resonate for me.
Not everything
resonates for everybody.
And the reason it
didn't resonate for me
is that people who
practice Lenormand say it's
easier than the other options.
I find it way more complex.
It actually came into
being because there
was a woman whose
name was Lenormand
who was a very famous
fortune teller, had
Marie Antoinette as a client.
>>REGINA: As most royalty do.
I mean, just as you had the
druids throughout the royalty
of Britain.
They always had their
druid by their side.
I mean, having
wise people, seers,
those who can read
cards, has always
been side-by-side, it seems,
with the royal traditions.
>>VALENTINE: Absolutely.
Absolutely.
That's true.
>>REGINA: To foresee what your
next move is strategically.
You're in war, or whose land
you're going to take or--
>>VALENTINE: Who am
I going to marry?
>>REGINA: --who's
going to take yours.
Yeah.
>>VALENTINE: Right.
Well, nevertheless,
she was very famous,
and she was very well-known.
And she passed over.
And so a lot of
different companies
that made cards said, oh,
here's Madame Lenormand's cards.
We've recreated them.
Well, that was a lie, OK?
They weren't.
She actually did something
called cartomancy, which
is reading with playing cards.
So they were not hers.
>>REGINA: Oh, yeah.
And that went on to
become its own thing, too.
>>VALENTINE: And it is.
Still is.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
It is.
Yeah.
>>VALENTINE: And
so these companies
started trying to
capitalize on her passing.
And so they came out
with the Lenormand.
And the Lenormand,
they're very simple cards.
They're cards like the
key, and the fox, the book.
Each one of these cards has
a lot of different meanings.
And unfortunately, some of those
meanings all seem to relate,
and then it'll just out
of nowhere throw in a M
And you're like, where
did that come from?
It's like the star,
it's dreams coming true
and all these things
all seem to make sense.
And then it also
means electricity.
And I'm like, uh, what?
The most famous way
of reading Lenormands
is to use all 36 cards.
>>VALENTINE: So
I'm think, intense.
>>REGINA: Wow, that's too much.
Too much information.
>>VALENTINE: That's intense.
Intense.
It's a lot.
And much like astrology,
which has houses--
so the where the planets land
means something different
based on which house it is in--
the Lenormand, the Grand
Tableau, where each card landed
changes its meaning.
>>REGINA: OK.
All right.
>>VALENTINE: So, right?
>>REGINA: I'm tired.
>>VALENTINE: I have a headache.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
I'm tired.
Let's move on, OK?
Thank you for sharing.
You touched on
something a moment ago
that I actually really enjoy,
which is the whole destiny
card, love card thing--
still based on the playing deck
and the interpretations there.
And I find those
kind of fun when
you look at the back and
their little compatibility
charts and such.
And so through the years--
I have a cousin who was
really into all of that.
And so she'd bring it around,
talking about this and that,
and I'd pay attention
here and there.
And I found that that
part of it actually
seemed to have some real truth
coming out of it in terms
of the compatibility, via
the numbers and the suits,
of you and another human being.
So I don't know.
What is your experience
with destiny cards?
>>VALENTINE: I haven't worked
with them all that much.
I do find that just like
any language of the divine,
it's the faith.
And so if that is what draws
you and you believe in it
and you trust it--
>>REGINA: It really
does come down to that.
>>VALENTINE: It does
come down to that.
>>REGINA: Because you're
the information source.
>>VALENTINE: People
ask me why this works.
Well, there's the
spark of the divine,
but also, the I Ching is
thousands of years old--
thousands.
And so that means,
think of this as,
from a spiritual, metaphysical
standpoint, people
walking through a garden.
Over the years,
they have learned--
people have come
together and learned,
this is the best way to
go through this garden.
It's the most scenic.
It's the most lovely.
It's the most heartwarming.
Maybe it's the
shortest distance.
And we've worn a path.
So from a spiritual standpoint,
these languages of the divine
have worn a path
between us and source.
Because all of these
people-- millions
and millions and millions of
people have lent their faith.
>>REGINA: Yeah, it creates
a field of resonance.
>>VALENTINE: It does.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
OK.
So yeah, I mean, it's just
another one-- love cards,
destiny cards.
That's a quick and easy-- it's
the opposite of the Lenormand.
OK?
You just look it up--
>>VALENTINE: The anti-Lenormand.
>>REGINA: --and you're done.
Yeah.
If you're not a patient person.
One thing I want to
talk about is names.
Because we choose our
names before birth.
>>VALENTINE: Yes.
>>REGINA: I love that subject
because I have, in the past,
if it's someone very, very
close to me, or as a favor,
I'll do baby readings in the
week before a baby's born.
And get information from
them, and they'll talk to me
about names and other things.
But you're on the
same page here,
that we choose our parents.
We choose our name.
And I think this is important
information to know.
So first of all, yours
is not your Sedona name.
You are Radleigh Valentine.
>>VALENTINE: And it's
not my Sedona name.
>>REGINA: I love it.
I've only known--
>>VALENTINE: No, I really
am Radleigh Valentine.
>>REGINA: --one other
person with the last name
of Valentine, which I
thought was a fortunate name.
So let's talk about how a
being inspires their parents
to embrace and then put
on a birth certificate
a name that they want as a soul.
>>VALENTINE: Right.
Well, so I believe that,
when we are on the other--
well, I have all kinds of
beliefs about the other side.
But when we're on
the other side,
one of the things
that we want to do
is to be in an
energetic alignment.
We want to set the stage.
We don't want to come to
Earth with an operating
system of Windows 7
when, really, Windows 10
is the way to go.
All right?
So this is almost like
our operating system.
So we're choosing our
time and place of birth
so that the astrology is right.
We're choosing our name so
that the numerology is right.
These things having
energetic effects upon us,
and the way we move through
the metaphorical video
game that is life.
>>REGINA: So how
does this happen?
Tell people, on a
social level, how
do you get that name, as
a soul about to incarnate,
to your parents if
they haven't already--
>>VALENTINE: Oh, to the parents.
>>REGINA: --a close attachment
to a name that they're
going to choose no matter what.
>>VALENTINE: I think angels
are whispering in their ears.
I mean, my sister,
when she was getting
ready to give birth to
my nephew, had decided,
his name is Kolton.
I mean, we're done.
>>REGINA: We are
not up for debate.
>>VALENTINE: We're
His name is Kolton.
We're starting to monogram crap.
And she comes out of childbirth
and says, here's Thaniel.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>VALENTINE: Right?
>>REGINA: And this does happen.
It happens a lot.
>>VALENTINE: It
does happen a lot.
And I think that's--
you know, the Kolton
was a beautiful name.
It matched Kristen and Kira,
we have all the K's, they all
have the same initials.
And then suddenly this
monkey wrench gets thrown in.
Because I think that, sometimes,
parents can be in this place
where, we're naming this
person after my father,
or we're naming this
person blah-blah-blah.
And then in the magic
of the moment of birth,
it all changes.
>>REGINA: It does.
And somehow, that
intuitive impulse,
and the rush of everything
around the birth, the magic
of the birth
experience, it seems
to be able to make it through.
>>VALENTINE: It does
make it through.
>>REGINA: Which is fascinating.
>>VALENTINE: Well, it makes
it through the mom, for sure.
And the dad, if
it's a good father,
he's just as
enchanted by the gift
that has just been given him.
So they're both in this
open-hearted place.
>>REGINA: And that's the key.
They're open.
Now, there are people who
are going to incarnate,
and they are going to be John
Turner III and John Turner IV.
But that person has
chosen to somehow embody
that information stream, that
frequency, that resonance.
So they're choosing a
continuation of that.
>>VALENTINE: And that lineage.
>>REGINA: And that
lineage, exactly.
Exactly.
>>VALENTINE: Yes.
I think that, when
that happens, it's
someone who is
continuing the work.
>>REGINA: And they could have
already been in-- maybe they
were the first.
>>VALENTINE: Could have been.
>>REGINA: And maybe
even reincarnating back
into a family to continue on--
>>VALENTINE: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: --the same lineage.
>>VALENTINE: They're
continuing the work.
Because we also travel
in these soul families.
We travel in soul families.
It's like, I love my
husband, he's fantastic,
but he might have been my dad.
That's scary.
Might have been my dad
three lifetimes ago.
Who knows.
>>REGINA: No, and it's true.
We're all in that kind
of cosmic soup together.
>>VALENTINE: Yes, we are.
>>REGINA: So I have a
little story about that.
So this was before one
of my nieces was born.
And my sister said, hey, could
you do a little baby reading?
And I did, and some
wonderful things showed up.
I saw as a little girl
wandering behind her dad
through the garden, and
her passion was flowers.
Well, she's all grown up.
She's 30.
She's a floral designer now.
You know, that kind of thing.
But in amidst it, she
said her name was Alex.
And I didn't even know for
sure if it was a boy or girl.
I was kind of just dialing
into where they were wandering
and what they were doing,
because the sex hadn't
been known at that time.
And so I can't remember
if I knew it was a girl
or didn't, but I
thought the name was
Alexander or Alexandra, period.
Right?
And so I thought, oh, my god,
they came through so strongly.
I hope my sister hasn't
chosen a name already.
I just-- I hate to interfere.
It's a delicate process.
Especially when you--
it is a magical thing.
The mother and father should
be given that information.
So I said, Denise,
have you determined
a name yet for the baby?
And she said, oh yeah.
Just last night, we decided
it's Alexander or Alexandra.
So the same night, that entity
came through to both of us,
and that's the name I want.
Interestingly, she
changed her name
to her nickname of
Allie that doesn't
have the power and presence
of the vibration she
chose as an adult.
>>VALENTINE: And yet it
may be a situation where--
because people do
change their names.
And the vibration
of the birth name
always stays in the background.
But you can add onto
that energy and vibration
by making adjustments.
And just recently,
the woman that
is the "manager of
miracles" of my company
was told she should
change her last name,
and to get rid of
her married name
and to switch back
to her maiden name.
>>REGINA: This is important.
Now, this is something,
with the beings
that I've been
incarnating with forever,
and that serve as
guides, they've
often talked about
the importance
of that vibration of the name.
And oftentimes, we'll
come into an incarnation
with an energy we're
carrying forward from before.
And so it's a familiar energy.
So we're going to use
that name to begin,
but then you start growing, and
you evolve, and you outgrow it.
And they said, it's
very important,
when a person feels that that
energy and that life they're
living has come to an end, to
consider choosing something
for themselves that
gives them the spirit
and the forward movement
they need to develop now,
from that point forward.
So name change is not
a bad thing to do.
First, last, middle, whatnot.
>>VALENTINE: No, not at all.
>>REGINA: You're just
changing frequencies
that you're identified
by, which is huge.
>>VALENTINE: Or even adding to.
>>REGINA: And
adding to, exactly.
So I really like
the fact that you
do address that in the
book, because I too believe
that it's very important.
Actually, there was another
one I was doing a baby reading.
They said, no, her
name is Rebecca Miriam.
We're going after
the grandmothers.
Okey-dokey.
And I'd seen her name was Amy.
Little spark of sunshine.
Oh, my god.
So that was it.
And I was there for the birth.
I was helping.
And she is just a
spark of sunshine.
>>VALENTINE: I think that
intellect and ego get out
of the way during childbirth,
and the heart opens, and poof.
>>REGINA: So the other
thing that we choose,
as many believe, is we
choose our birth time.
Right?
>>VALENTINE: Mhm.
Yes.
>>REGINA: So our bodies
are born in a location,
because that's where
my mother's body is.
So then we're born there.
But we have more say over
the time of the birth
and when we're
going to pop through
into this reality,
and our names.
So let's talk about
numerology, and the usefulness
of understanding numerology
and your given birth name,
and also the time of your birth.
>>VALENTINE: Right.
All of these things, in a
way, are connected, really.
The things that we just
were talking about,
about choosing the
vibration of your--
and astrology,
very famously, also
needs to know the time
of your birth, right?
And so here, we have
numerology once again.
And so we have all of these
different modalities that
are all saying,
this really matters.
This really matters.
And so there are things
called master numbers.
There's your destiny number.
And these things tell
us a lot about not only
how we're wired
as people and what
situations we are most likely
to succeed in or be challenged
by, but also something
about our life purpose,
what we were meant
to do in this life,
and also how we perform
as a personality.
It's almost-- it can be
like a personality typing
like the Enneagram.
And it's quite astonishing.
I tinkered with numerology-- as
we said at the top of the show,
but I tinkered with
it a little bit.
But I kind of didn't--
I was kind of like,
numbers, numbers everywhere.
No more.
But I did have a
numerological reading
when I was in my early
20s by this woman who
was absolutely phenomenal.
Now, this will tell
you how old it is.
It's on a cassette tape.
>>REGINA: Oh, yeah.
Gotcha.
>>VALENTINE: But she was
dead on about things that
were going on in my life.
And because, in numerology,
it breaks your life
into these life cycles, these
different pieces of the puzzle.
So the first 30
years of your life,
and then the next section,
and the next section.
And when I was moving from
Tennessee to Colorado,
I found this tape.
And now, this is 25 years later.
And I'm like, oh, I'm packing.
I'll play it.
I played it.
My jaw was on the floor.
Because she had predicted
things that were not
on my radar screen,
never would have dreamed
would have happened.
Never would have dreamed that my
14-year relationship would end.
Never would have dreamed that I
would move away from my family
to Colorado.
Never would have dreamed that I
would quit accounting and go--
and she nailed it.
And so that's the power of
numerology, because it's--
>>REGINA: It is pretty precise.
Yeah.
>>VALENTINE: It's very precise.
It's not only
predictive, but it also
helps you to navigate your life,
almost like a prescription.
That's what I want to say.
It's very prescriptive
of our lives.
>>REGINA: So for
people who operate more
in a logical framework, people
who do not like uncertainty
so much, that might be a
really good tool to use.
>>VALENTINE: Absolutely.
Absolutely.
And very often--
no offense, guys.
But very often, men
have more difficulty
with this than women do.
It's socially more acceptable
for women to be intuitive.
And so men might
back away from it.
And men might find that
whole left-brained aspect
to a language of the divine--
and essence is a
right-brained thing--
to be more comfortable,
to sit down and do math,
because there is math.
So that's the warning to people.
>>REGINA: There's math involved.
>>VALENTINE: There's math.
There's math.
It's not hard math,
but there's math.
And it does require study.
Numerology and astrology, I
make them as easy as I can.
>>REGINA: But do they
require more study.
Absolutely.
>>VALENTINE: They're complex.
You're not going to walk
away from Compendium,
having read those chapters,
and be a master astrologist.
You're not.
And I say that.
It's like, look, here's
how it functions.
I'm trying to make it
so you can understand.
But you're going to
have to go delve deeper.
>>REGINA: Or just dabble and
just-- you get what you get.
>>VALENTINE: Well, dabble.
Dabbles are fun.
I mean, if it's not fun,
why are we doing it?
>>REGINA: Yeah.
No, and a lot of people
watching are dabblers.
I'm kind of a dabbler.
I would rather just kind of use
my direct intuition on things.
But it's fun to dabble sometimes
with these tools, as well.
I enjoy it.
And I have a question for you.
So years ago, a numerologist
did a chart for me--
this was many years ago.
And my birth name
number came out at a 22,
but I was born at 4:44.
>>VALENTINE: Wow!
>>REGINA: So what
does that mean?
Because no one's ever actually
told me what that means.
>>VALENTINE: Oh,
my goodness, honey.
So 4:44 is typically meant to
mean the angels are with you.
>>REGINA: Oh.
Well, I do feel that.
I feel very--
>>VALENTINE: I mean, 444 is--
>>REGINA: --very cared for.
>>VALENTINE: --one of the most
famous signs from the angels
to say, hey, we're here.
>>REGINA: We've got your back.
>>VALENTINE: We've
got your back.
>>REGINA: Oh, that's lovely.
>>VALENTINE: And
22 reduces to 4.
So I mean, you are
angelically protected.
I mean, they really like you.
They really like you.
>>REGINA: Well, I have
to say, I totally--
that's just part of me.
If I'm talking, I'm
talking as much to myself
as to the beings that are
around me all the time
and supporting me.
If I'm frustrated,
guys, come on.
Kick in and help
out on this one.
But the weird thing
is, even though I
know that's all around, I'm just
ridiculously kind of forgetful.
I forget to ask them for help.
>>VALENTINE: Welcome
to planet Earth.
>>REGINA: Which is ridiculous--
>>VALENTINE: I know!
>>REGINA: --because
they're right there.
And when I ask for
help, they do miracles.
>>VALENTINE: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: It is
absolutely amazing.
And we all have them.
We all have our guides.
It's all right there
for the asking.
>>VALENTINE: Yeah.
I'm also a sci-fi nerd.
And so, with Star Trek,
they have this thing called
the prime directive, which
means you cannot interfere.
Right?
And it's like, angels
are the same way.
>>REGINA: They're the same.
>>VALENTINE: They have
a prime directive.
And so they will interfere
in certain situations--
>>REGINA: If it's traumatic
or life-threatening,
they can step in.
>>VALENTINE: Yeah,
then, they can step in.
But other than that--
>>REGINA: Not to rob you
of your decision-making.
>>VALENTINE: Right.
Because we have free will, and
they will not mess with that.
And so I tell people, write the
word "ask" on a Post-It note
and put it on your
bathroom mirror.
Start every single day--
>>REGINA: Ask.
>>VALENTINE:
--with, dear angels,
please protect me in
all ways, in all things,
in all directions of time.
Let there be no limit to the
ways in which you can help me
today.
Just put the word "ask."
Put it on your dashboard.
Put it on your computer.
By the way, move it around.
Because we're human and we--
>>REGINA: Oh, yeah.
You don't see it after day two.
>>VALENTINE: And you don't.
>>REGINA: I know.
>>VALENTINE: But start
your day that way.
Start it that way.
You will be astonished.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
No, I think that that's such
good, sage, simple advice.
Because I need that, for sure.
And so if I'm kind of
taking that for granted
or not even thinking about
it I'm sure that most of us
are doing the same thing.
So all we have to do is ask.
It's all there.
And all we have to
do is start playing.
If we want to start
playing and reaching into--
I call it just the higher mind--
into the more highly
developed, spiritual aspect
of self that continues
throughout eternity,
these different tools are
a wonderful way to do it.
And it's a wonderful way to
get going, don't you think?
>>VALENTINE: Yes, absolutely.
>>REGINA: Until you
ultimately can just
bring it through for yourself.
>>VALENTINE: Which you can do.
>>REGINA: And so you were
doing that from an early age.
Then you started
playing with your tools.
But you've always been able
to bring it through, as well.
So do you think
it just gives you
a quicker access,
using your tools
and going into a stranger?
>>VALENTINE: Yeah.
Totally.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>VALENTINE: I mean, I do
totally honor people's privacy,
but I can't help it.
I have a sense of who
somebody is immediately.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Well, there you go.
It's been a lovely conversation.
And I want to thank you so
much for your candor and just
your open-heartedness in
sharing your story with us.
Because I know a
lot of people can
relate to feeling
like the black sheep.
A lot of our viewers
are black sheep.
That's how they found their
way to all of these topics
to begin with.
And so thank you for sharing
your story in that first part
about our uniqueness.
And once you have
nothing to lose,
why not be who you fully are?
So thank you.
>>VALENTINE: Thank
you for having me.
>>REGINA: It was
absolutely lovely.
Thank you, Radleigh.
Again, the title
of Radleigh's book
is "A Compendium
of Magical Things--
Communicating with
the Divine to Create
the Life of Your Dreams."
And a new tarot deck
coming out, as well.
You can find these
at major booksellers.
Until next time.
Thank you for joining
us on "Open Minds."
[THEME MUSIC]